DOCSUP-16608: Documented JSONExtractKeys function (#31012)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/functions/json-functions.md

SELECT JSONExtractKeysAndValues('{"x": {"a": 5, "b": 7, "c": 11}}', 'x', 'Int8') = [('a',5),('b',7),('c',11)];
```

## JSONExtractKeys(json[, indices_or_keys]…) {#jsonextractkeysjson-indices-or-keys}

Parses a JSON and extracts a key.

**Syntax**

``` sql
JSONExtractKeys(json[, p, a, t, h])
```

**Arguments**

-   `json` — [String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md) with valid JSON.

> -   `p, a, t, h` — Comma-separated indices or keys that specify the path to the inner field in a nested JSON object. Each argument can be either a [string](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md) to get the field by the key or an [integer](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md) to get the N-th field (indexed from 1, negative integers count from the end). If not set, the whole JSON is parsed as the top-level object. Optional parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `a, b, c...` — Comma-separated indices or keys that specify the path to the inner field in a nested JSON object. Each argument can be either a [String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md) to get the field by the key or an [Integer](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md) to get the N-th field (indexed from 1, negative integers count from the end). If not set, the whole JSON is parsed as the top-level object. Optional parameter.
```
